Congratulations, handsome.
Older leftover women must marry
Stop! It's 9 o'clock!
You're already a full hour late
I will deduct half a month's salary from you.
Why is half a month?
Just because I'm the general manager of this company
Boss Shi's car is at the door
Do you hear me?
Everyone lined up at the gate of the company to welcome him
Hurry up
Now get it all down.
Where are you going?
Aren't you an employee of this company?
No makeup is one of the most beautiful women in our company
Mr. Shi is afraid of being upstaged by no makeup this time
I just deliberately fixed your house, right?
Shhh, lower your voice
He is also in this company
What's wrong, sir?
Give me the clothes.
You'll be the president later, I'll be your assistant
Hurry up
That's him!
What a coincidence that he is still the assistant of the big boss